At Acts 1:8,
Jesus foretold that the good news
would be preached
“to the most distant part of the earth.”
In recent years, digital technology
has greatly enhanced
our global preaching work
as well as our Christian meetings.
More videos and digital publications
are being produced by Jehovah’s Witnesses
than ever before.
However, in some parts of the earth,
our brothers and sisters
have great difficulty
accessing this spiritual food.
If it is the monthly JW Broadcasting® file,
it will not download during the day.
Basically, the speed is the main challenge.
Internet connectivity is better at night.
It will be easier to download
the material if I stay up late.
Internet data bundles are very expensive.
Sometimes we may buy them at 1,000
or 2,000 Malawi Kwacha ($1.35 to $2.70)
—this is a lot of money.
Sometimes we weren’t able to download
the required publications
because our priority was
to provide food for the family.
It was difficult to have
meaningful family worship
because we didn’t have videos to use.
In other words, we could say
that we couldn’t increase
our intake of spiritual food.
The difficulty in the town of Lisala,
where we live,
is that the network is very bad.
There are many outages.
To get the publications and videos,
I talked to a brother
who was traveling to Kinshasa.
I gave him my tablet.
Now, imagine, three weeks
with no study publications and no videos
—I felt like I was working in vain.
To address these challenges,
the Governing Body has lovingly provided
a simple yet effective solution.
So this is it—JW Box.
It’s innovative and affordable,
and it can be set up in less than a minute.
You connect it to a USB device
that is preloaded with our videos
and publications,
and then you plug this into an external
power source, like a battery.
And then the brothers there
can use their personal devices
to connect to it over Wi-Fi.
And because it’s
a local connection, it’s fast.
The branch office preloads JW Boxes
with approved content
already publicly available
on jw.org® and JW Library®
and then distributes them
to the local congregations.
They’re also used
at assemblies and conventions.
At one convention, publishers downloaded
a newly released New World Translation
in their language
right at the convention site.
To keep the digital content up-to-date,
the branch downloads new videos
and digital publications
onto USB keys.
Local congregations receive these keys
along with their literature shipment.
The materials we use for family worship
have strengthened our family bond.
They make it easier for us to help our girls.
It makes it easier for them to give comments
after watching the videos for the meetings.
Bonnie watched the videos and said,
“Daddy, I want to make
a contribution at the Kingdom Hall.”
That lets me know that the video
touched her heart.
The videos have helped us a lot.
For example, at first, it was
very difficult for our child
to learn songs from our songbook,
but because of the videos, it’s easy for her.
Now our relationship with Jehovah
is stronger,
including with our family and our children.
I use my phone in the field ministry
and at the meetings,
and I use it to show videos
to my friends at school.
I’ve started studying with them
because of these videos.
So the videos that I show them
help me to reach their hearts.
In my field service report,
I would leave the “Video” section empty,
but now it’s no longer empty.
I report many videos.
The people I study the Bible with
are very interested
in them, and I now have several studies
because they like to watch these videos.
JW Box has been a great help to our family
because of the publications
and videos we can download now.
Our children are learning
from the lessons shown
in the Caleb and Sophia videos.
We appreciate this provision so much
because it helps to get spiritual food
into the hands and the hearts
of our brothers.